Seth I called you into my office
yes I I gotta talk to you want
me to help you clean up clean up
the office i got it at some
point I had to find you and talk
to you about the science in
family guy
yeah yeah you just have to watch
a few shows and it's in there
it's in there deep when I was a
kid I was you know I was i I was
in a church choir went to Sunday
school and I went to a regular
school and you know my parents
believed in exposing me to
everything and letting me figure
it out for myself and eventually
I said well these guys are you
know making these assertions and
these guys are making these
assertions but these guys are
back it up with something these
guys are offering evidence and
so that seems a little more
trustworthy and and so I was
kind of drawn to 22 science
because it seemed that if you
were right there derived from
your own curiosity
yeah yeah interesting actually
wasn't a great science student
in school I think you know it's
not that you don't have to be
you just have to enjoy it yeah
whether or not you're good at it
and people try to equate the two
but I don't think that's a
prerequisite yeah it'sit's and
then you know obviously discover
the original cosmos and Carl
Sagan and and and at the time
you saw the original cosmos
do you have any idea that you
would one day be executive
producer on the next cause post
didn't didn't occur to me didn't
curly but it was was not
something that that never
crossed my mind during the early
flatulence humor with Peter
Griffin you're not thinking i'm
going to executive-produce
cosmos one day
yeah it at someone
yeah so that's it for me so we
created Family Guy which started
as like a college project at
rhode island school of design
and also he's the creator Ted
one into and many people don't
otherwise know or it's hard for
them to imagine that he was
co-executive producer of Cosmos
it's one facetime odyssey yes
what Seth was saying there's
just a perfect example of how we
should approach life and
knowledge in general fart jokes
but artichokes are there is a
scientific paper written by
someone the University of
Michigan that claims that farts
make everything funnier
well as less than $PERCENT of
the time i was with you and by
the way that's wrong
ok then the dinner with some
people
well good look Seth as he
described in that understands
the difference between
scientific and non-scientific
knowledge because he was exposed
to it and he uses it all
both the scientific part and the
non-scientific artistic part
it's the best way to live life